---
date: 2022-07-13T11:41:50-04:00
year: "2022"
title: "Texts Less Traveled: Exploring Hebrews, the Catholic Epistles, and Revelation"
draft: false
by: ""
authorfirstname: "Thomas D."
authorlastname: "Stegman, S.J."
authorposition: ""
secondauthor: ""
secondposition: ""
thirdauthor: ""
thirdposition: ""
slug: "stegman-texts"
youtube: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/HsbG-X8Q2w4"
samplepages: "2022/text_less_traveled.pdf"
showsamplepages: true
booklocation: "https://bc-primo.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/permalink/f/l6ucgu/ALMA-BC21560068300001021"
showbooklocation: true
bookcover: "2022/text_less_traveled.jpg"
imagealt: ""
oneoff: false
type: "facpub"
---

The purpose of this book is to invite and assist readers to embark on a rewarding "journey" through texts in the New Testament that are "less trodden": the Letter to the Hebrews; James; 1 and 2 Peter; 1, 2, and 3 John; Jude; and Revelation. One reason these texts are less traveled is their placement in the New Testament canon. They are the final nine (of twenty-seven) writings in the New Testament. Another reason is that readings from these texts are rarely the subject of preaching in the Church’s Sunday Eucharistic liturgy.

### Biography
Thomas D. Stegman, SJ, is Professor of New Testament, Professor Ordinarius, and former Dean at the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry (STM). A member of the USA Midwest Province of the Society of Jesus, Fr. Stegman was raised in Holdrege, Nebraska, and is a graduate of St. Charles Borromeo Seminary, Philadelphia (B.A., Philosophy). He holds an M.A. (Philosophy) from Marquette University, and both an M.Div. and S.T.L. (Hebrew Bible) from Weston Jesuit School of Theology. He earned his Ph.D. in New Testament studies at Emory University, under the direction of Dr. Luke Timothy Johnson. Fr. Stegman represented his Jesuit province at the 2012 Procurators Congregation in Nairobi and at the 36th General Congregation in Rome (2016). In addition to his teaching, research, and administrative responsibilities, Fr. Stegman enjoys giving lectures and workshops for parishes and dioceses. In his spare time, he follows the Green Bay Packers, St. Louis Cardinals, and Nebraska Cornhuskers.